Lord Du
What are the actions of these four Liang merchants today?
Since the county yamen posted the visit
Four Liang merchants at the price of 100 words a bucket
Crazy sweeps the food in the hands of other small beam merchants
Even if it is 150 yuan, it will not be sold.
Lead to rising food prices
Now they are hoarding grain
Waiting for the common people to run out of food
Keep raising food prices
Now it is 200 yuan, and a bucket is not for sale.
Hiring tomorrow
Start renovating the house
Another post
I'm going to hold a grand dragon boat race
The winner.
Tax-free for three years
You are a disaster to the country
This order is subject to official policy
Dangao I
Even if you are the grandson of Duke Ding
But caused such a big disaster
You can't afford the consequences.
What exactly does Mr. Gao want to do?
If you don't say
I can only take over Linjiang City for you
Lord Shangguan
Please hurry up.
otherwise
The people are scratching all over the place, trying to cause irreparable disaster
You clearly don't like Buddha
I have met many believers in Chang'an City
There was something in their eyes
Inexplicable frenzy
But you didn't
You visited the temple these days
It's not your beauty
Even repairing those county cliffs
Also inexplicable
Why repair the county cliff?
Why should the Liang family rise?
Why carry some infamy
You will leave Chang'an in a few days
Bao Gongzi must give me an explanation for all this
Lord Du still remembers seven days ago
Did I say a word to you?
But if you want to reduce the price of food
You don't have to push down food prices.
But food prices skyrocketed
Valley Greed
Don't harvest a wave
Will they stop
Lord Zhou, I want to ask the alliance of the four good merchants
Despite strong pressure
How much can food prices fall?
80,000 or 180,000
Even down to 800,000
How many people can afford it?
Unless you take a butcher knife
Kill them all
But once you start cinnabar
All products will be on guard.
But only for ordinary people
It doesn't matter if it's one in 100 or one in 150.
Or 200 characters
There's no difference at all.
They could never afford it.
But grain prices in Linjiang City skyrocketed
Even the government ordered no less than 150 trillion
Sell him
Wand Han
The four Liang chambers of commerce are greedily raiding the local food
Raise food prices
Even small local grain merchants
Delusional selling at a sky-high price
Greed is human nature
But all businesspeople in the world are greedy
But also the news that the price of Linjiang City has skyrocketed
Will spread around at a terrifying rate
ton
In recent days, by the road outside the city gate
The wagons and cargo ships that deliver food every day
They are constantly being delivered.
This Riverside City
The number of foreign grain merchants is increasing every day
Nowadays, there is no shortage of people in this Riverside City
Now this family in Linjiang City
Like a giant balloon looking at him
These Gemini are delusional about a national disaster
Just this time, I will call them
Broken family